feat: propagate a potential certificate authority to workers (#1513)
opengisch/QFieldCloud: conf/ca/README.md

# Custom CA directory

> Place a file named `custom_ca.crt` in this directory, and QFieldCloud will recognize it as a custom Certificate Authority (CA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place a file named `custom_ca.crt` in this directory, and QFieldCloud will recognize it as a custom Certificate Authority (CA) bundle.
```

Reviewer: This file contains a CA cert bundle, not just a single certificate.

Author: Thanks, addressed in https://github.com/opengisch/QFieldCloud/pull/1513/commits/df9a2a50c40a5d1661c0aa05fbb65fea6ccad0f8

# Custom CA folder

Place in this folder the custom Certificate Authority file.

> QFieldCloud will recognize and use the `custom_ca.crt` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Place a file named `custom_ca.crt` in this directory, and QFieldCloud will recognize it as a custom Certificate Authority (CA).
```

Wondering shall we mention that `docker-compose.ca.yml` shall be appended in `COMPOSE_FILE` (if we keep that file)?

Author: Thanks, indeed -> https://github.com/opengisch/QFieldCloud/pull/1513/changes/f206e921f7f7c4efa8f2b6cd882adf1b004708ac

> Make sure to add `docker-compose.override.ca.yaml` to `COMPOSE_FILE` in the .env file for using this `custom_ca.crt` file.

Reviewer 2: This is now outdated :)

Author: Indeed, thanks :)
